it was a guy's escazu a year and welcome
to episode 66 of a skin into glory and I
the first thing we do is actually change
something because as you may know in the
previous episodes we sort of scored a
hat-trick with bail but one goal
actually got counted as an own-goal for
some reason but most of you said that I
should change it so that's what we did
we got the first hat-trick in which is
nice so yeah we move on into the first
game of this episode we applied a
healing car tech to the team and we go
into the first game while we comp
against some sort of a hybrid team in
the 3-5-2 formation a lot of Premier
League players as well and now we start
things off in a 16-minute with garrett
bill on the ball we put up a few body
faints which is actually a skin wolf
I've been using a lot lately it's really
really good and I might do a tutorial on
it very very soon as well there's also
sort of why you see me sort of abusing
it in the next couple of games but
anyway in a twenty-minute some nice
stuff there from us IAD trying to finish
it off there buddy school keeper saved
it then from the reruns we did get a
shot in with Wellington Silva but his
defender just blocked it off then in the
30th minute again the Garrett bill on
the ball and as I said I was sort of
abusing the body feint it's just a
really really nice ski movie you can see
right there so we do make it one deal
with him and now we also pick up another
skill golden 36 minutes would make a
mistake with my goalkeeper at elbow
throw he picks it up with Paulson is a
silver striker with four star schemas
and he makes in 1-1 a mistake on my side
which is which is a bit annoying but
anyway we continue on in the 42nd minute
we have carrot bill on the board I would
some nice stuff a lovely ball roll track
break I was about to shoot but then I
sort of ran into his defense a lot of
players were there so I wasn't going to
be able to get a proper shot in so that
was half time you can see we were sort
of dominating with that straight off
that before we even went into the second
half my opponent decide to to rage quit
so yeah that means this game won't count
simply because it was sort of still in
the first stuff since we we were not
technically in a second off but yeah
anyway we move on into the second game
of this episode while we sort of came up
against a serious side in the
four-three-two-one formation with Carlos
Tevez up front and now we start things
off a straight from kickoff this time
with Wellington silver on the ball we we
get a bit lucky we play it off to Bale
who goes with some skin was as well
place it back immediately to Silva
continues on what the skill moves once
again we get a little bit lucky but we
do finish it out
when his weak food to pick up a third
skill goal and also make it one day old
Anna in a 16 friend a nice posture from
east go all the way to aside e who cuts
in with a nice bottle trying to finish
it off as well but his school keeper
just saved it so we picked up a corner I
decided to play it offshore to assign EU
yeah we gonna nice karana soul and we do
finish it up into the far corner to make
it to nil already pick up the the second
goal I say D and also the fourth skill
go which was really really nice but then
just before half-time he gets him a goal
back there which Fidel who was
completely free and makes it 2-1 to give
him a call back then I were in a 45
minutes we have some ready and I stopped
there were dwelling to Silva beating two
defenders in a row I tried to cut him
but his defender just blocked it off and
I straight after that the referee blew
on his whistle as well so we go into the
second off and after two minutes already
he got himself a goal back so within
like a few chances I guess he he got
himself completely back into the game I
made it all even which was a bit
annoying especially since we were like
two girls off so I tried to sort of get
back into the game a nice header there
after some nice stuff from her from Bill
but it just went white I think it was
easy go with the header then I would
continue on in the 68th minute the nice
run there from bill cuts inside with the
fake shot and we do hit the post very
very unlucky so also in the second half
we created a lot of chance but we were
just really really unlucky when it came
to finishing and in the 78th minute he
cut himself a go back to make it 3-2 in
his favor actually with Chavez so that
was a bit annoying especially if you
consider we were two girls up at the
start of this game quite early on but
anyway in the 90th minute we had one
more chance again a garret bill going on
a run we already had a chance within
where we hit the post but then in a 90th
minute we finally get to go with him to
make it 3 3 which means we had to go
into extra time but I think we we
probably should have finished it off in
the normal 90 minutes because we had so
many chances but I guess it was just not
ready our FIFA day so before we went
into extra time I decided to make a few
changes bringing on Karishma kishna and
also diaw me and we start things off
there in the 96 minute with us 80 some
really really nice stuff try to get
another goal when I'm trying to reach
for the far post but this time is
goalkeeper actually would save it so he
clears it away we pick it up there with
the army play it off to Gareth Bale we
go to the scooter into a ball room where
we sort of lose the ball but we get it
back immediately
we cut inside with a nice face
showed us well to be two defenders in a
row and we do finish it off to make it
for three complete the first challenge
and I also give us leaf back again in
this game which is absolutely awesome
then the 140 minutes and can we get
really really lucky there I was trying
to go for a cheap shot but unfortunately
it's a school keeper came out so it was
a pretty easy safe for him then and the
one at 11 minutes we affect kishna on
the ball I tried to go on a run as well
with some nice step over so we get past
another defender again a few step overs
we cross it over to our side he was
hoping for a goal with him trying to get
his second goal of the game but an easy
save for a school keeper against so that
is how the game in it you can probably
see it from the final stats as well we
had that twice as many chances my
opponents so I was definitely happy that
we had that we won the game in the
variant so I mean we move on we go to
the final game of this episode we came
against a Premier League team with a
three at the back formation and we start
things off with Enzo Paris and I
specular to east go place it off to
Gareth Bale we go with a bubble to
create some space and we finish it off
with a nice no-look finish to make it
one nil and also pick up another skill
goal then we move it in the 15th minute
and that is where pretty much everything
decided to go wrong I don't know what
Chiellini was doing I tried to clear it
away but he completely missed the ball
he was taking way too much time so he
makes it 1-1 then just before half-time
what the hell is Andrew Perez doing you
know this was just one of those games
where everything and I mean everything
felt so sluggish especially with kicking
the ball away with which you again we
can see the goal but this time it was
actually offside so we got a bit lucky
there but again also this time my
defense like again Barkley he took the
ball but then just a better and my
opponent picks it up with a grow I think
and he makes it 2-1 just like the first
goal that we actually conceded like my
defense was not on point I don't know
what it was but the whole game just felt
sluggish to me I couldn't really score I
couldn't really finish off my chances
properly what you saw from that clip and
then the knight different on top of it
we also gave away a penalty and it makes
it 3-1 to make it game over
then from kickoff I want to go on a run
there with us ad please try to get a go
with him but after a few seconds the
referee already decided to blow on his
whistle and that is how the game - oh
just a terrible terrible game on our
site even though the first goal was
pretty nice we we didn't already create
anything in that game whatsoever so I
mean we move it to the scales up
you can see right there we actually got
two goals with AUSA 80 which is I guess
decent and I can see from the challenges
well so far we have completed one which
is okay but hopefully in the next
episode we can now we can do a lot
better and maybe complete another one as
well but anyway guys that's gonna be the
end of this video hope you enjoyed it if
you did
then make sure to leave like would be
very much appreciated significantly
2,000 likes that would be absolutely
awesome so I like to thank you very much
for watching and I'll see you guys later
alright